1
NewsUpdate Jakarta Ministers to discuss Northern Ireland prison officer murder

2
Duffy arrested in connection with prison officer murder :

3
Prison officer shot dead on M1 Eastbound , Irish registered car found burnt out in Inglewood with locals saying 2/3 men inside

4
Garda/ Irish police arrest 29 year old in connection with prison officers murder yesterday in N.Ire

5
Prison officer murdered on M1

6
Prison officer murder - arrests : Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Northern Ireland prison officer David Black .

7
Heart goes out to the prison officers family who was killed in n. Ireland yesterday . Lets not go back there again .

8
[ IN THE NEWS ] Long-serving Northern Ireland prison officer murdered in motorway ambush by dissident republicans

9
Murdered prison officer is named -

10
Northern Ireland motorway crash victim 'ambushed ' by gunman

11
On MSN today - Prison officer shot dead in ambush

12
Burnt-out car linked to attack on prison officer in Northern Ireland found in Dissident Republican stronghold

13
Gunman ambushes Northern Ireland prison officer

14
Northern Ireland FM Peter Robinson and Deputy FM Martin McGuinness condemn `` brutal attack '' which killed prison officer

15
In shock ! horrific that poor prison officers family

16
Republicans Behind Motorway Attack On Prison Officer

17
Is there a connection between the incident at spruce field and the murder of Prison Officer ?

18
Counting blessings that I 'm working remotely today , after prison officer assassinated driving on M1 when I 'd normally be going to Belfast .

19
Prison officer 's murder condemned - The Ulster Herald

20
Northern Ireland prison officer ambush prompts fears of sectarian shooting war - The Guardian

21
Prison officer gets stiffed

22
prisoner officer shot dead on M1 in Northern Ireland . what a waste of life and does not bode well

23
Prison Officer Shot Dead On Motorway In NI - Sky News

24
Jail officer family 'devastated ' The family of a Northern Ireland prison officer murdered as he drove to work are `` ab

25
2 suspected IRA militants arrested over slaying of Northern Ireland prison guard

26
Just commented on @ thejournal_ie : Prison officer killed in Armagh motorway shooting -

27
Jail officer murder : Irish arrest : Irish police arrest a man in connection with the murder of Northern Ireland prison officer David Black .

28
news Murdered prison officer is named

29
RIP to the prison officer shot dead while travelling to work ! Hope the scumbag gets caught justice

30
The prison officer shot dead as he drove to work along the MI was David Black , a father of two , from Cookstown .

